								ASSIGNMENT-3
						--------------------------------------------
	21)Dispaly the names of the employees whos names have second alphabet A in thier names?
	ans) to fetch the names of the employees whos names have second alphabet A in thier names

	syntax: select first_name from employees where  substring(first_name,3,1)='A';
					or
		select first_name from employees where first_name like '_A%';


	22)select the names of the employees whose names has exactly five characters in length?
	ans)to select the names of the employees whose names has exactly five characters in length.
	
	syntax: select first_name from employees where character_length(first_name)=5;

	23)Dispaly the names of the employees who are not working as MANAGERS?
	ans) to fetch the names of the employees who are not working as MANAGERS.

	syntax:  select first_name from employees where designation not in ('manager');

	24)Dispaly the names of the employees who are not working as SALESMAN OR CLERKS OR ANALYST?
	ans) to fetch the names of the employees who are not working as SALESMAN OR CLERKS OR ANALYST.

	syntax:  select first_name from employees where designation not in ('salesman','clerks','analyst');

	25)Display all rows from the emp table.the system wait after every screen full of information?
	ans)

	26)Display the total number of employee working in the company?
	ans)to fetch the total number of employee working in the company use

	syntax: select count(first_name) as total_no from employees;

	27)Display the total salary begging paid to all empoyees?
	ans) to know the total salary begging paid to all empoyees use

	syntax: select sum(salary) as emp_wage from employees;

	28)Display the maximum salary from emp table?
	ans) to know the maximum salary from emp table use

	syntax: select max(salary) as highest_salary from employees;


	29)Display the minimum salary from emp table?
	ans) to know the minimum salary from emp table use

	syntax: select min(salary) as lowest_salary from employees;

	30)Display the average salary from emp table?
	ans) to know the average salary from emp table use

	syntax: select avg(salary) as average_salary from employees;