							ASSIGNMENT-3
						---------------------------

	31)Display the maximum salary being paid to the clerk?
	ans)to fetch the maximum salary being paid to the clerk use

	syntax: select max(salary) from employees where designation in ('clerk');

	32)Display the maximum salary being paid to depart number 20?
	ans)to fetch the maximum salary being paid to depart number 20 use

	syntax: select max(salary) from employees where department_NO=20;

	33)Display the minimum salary being paid to any salesman?
	ans) to fetch the minimum salary being paid to any salesman use

	syntax: select min(salary) from employees where designation in ('salesman');

	34)Display the average salary drawn by MANAGERS?
	ans) to fetch the average salary drawn by MANAGERS use

	syntax: select avg(salary) from employees where designation in ('MANAGER');

	35)Display the total salary drawn by analyst working in depart number 40?
	ans) to fetch the total salary drawn by analyst working in depart number 40 use

	syntax: select sum(salary) from employees where designation in ('analyst') and department_NO=40;

	36)Display the names of the employee in order of salary i.e the name of the employee earning
	   lowest salary should salary appear first?

	syntax: select first_name from employees order by salary ;

	37)Display the names of the employee in descending order of salary?

	syntax: select first_name from employees order by salary desc ;

	38)Display the names of the employee in order of employee name?

	syntax: select first_name from employees order by first_name ;

	39)Display empno,ename,deptno,sal sort the output first base on name and within name by deptno and
	   with in deptno by sal?

	syntax: select employee_id,first_name,department_no,salary from employees order by first_name ;

	40)Display the names of the employee along with their annual salary(sal*12).The name of the employee earning highest 
	  annual salary should appear first?

	syntax: select first_name ,(salary*12) as annual_salary from employees order by salary desc;





